*: update recommended deployment to TiUP (#2308)
pingcap/docs: how-to/deploy/orchestrated/docker.md

> **Warning:**
>

> > This is for testing only. DO NOT USE in production! Please deploy TiDB using [TiUP](/how-to/deploy/orchestrated/tiup.md) or [TiDB Operator in Kubernetes](https://pingcap.com/docs/tidb-in-kubernetes/stable/deploy-tidb-operator/) in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This is for testing only. DO NOT USE in production! It is recommended to deploy TiDB using [TiUP](/how-to/deploy/orchestrated/tiup.md) or [TiDB Operator in Kubernetes](https://pingcap.com/docs/tidb-in-kubernetes/stable/deploy-tidb-operator/) in production.
```
